alana Reflects on the
emotional stampedes she has suffered this year in
this first part she talks about how she
gave her heart and was hurt have you
ever hurt in the box
only in the box and they have hurt your
heart If I told you that this year
was a year of stampedes on my heart I
think that is the same thing that makes me
smile so much having gone through so
many bad things this year and I
told you I gave my little heart on a
platter I gave it and they
crushed it they stamped on it and they crushed it
and they gave it back to me broken if I
told you but it's normal it's part of
life we ​​all get our hearts broken from
time to time it's normal we have all been
hurt it's normal and we have hurt Don't
forget that important thing we have also
been hurt and hurt and been hurt
but yes Hey we never saw the clip of jh
that I was telling you I didn't know that
jh liked me but what he said It's a
lie that I don't like
black people it's false false false or rather he
started to take charge for me And he  what are you going to see
next I mention how I have
learned from bad experiences and
highlights the importance of having
clear goals in my
future relationships the next time I have a
relationship it has to be something good because
I am not looking for anything like Oh wait a little while and
then look at my D on Instagram Oh
but it doesn't work like that either I mean I think that
when life is going to put a
person in your way it is going to put them in your path I know
that there are people who may never
find the love of their life So to
speak Or maybe they had the love of
their life and lost it but I really do
think that everything has a reason I mean I
think that everything happens for a reason and that God
removes and puts for a greater good me
For example if I have like my ideals of
what I know I look for in a person I get
criticized a lot that I was
kept and I don't know what this and that
but let me tell you that the truth is that
is not true I have
been working for a long time since before doing
streams I worked and I have known how to
handle myself and in fact I
have supported myself in everything that I have done
Since I left my  house I have my
car I have my house I have my
pets who are my children I have my
responsibilities I have my job that
many people criticize the work of
content creators but well it's
knowing how to find a job Because it's not like
the job comes for free Ari
Gameplay shares a video playing
the song lalalá on the piano and fans
speculate if it could be another hint
for Juan Guarnizo after their recent
separation
[Music]
wc reacts to Aida's accusations
with a long speech in this first
part he mentions How they tried to hurt his
ego with lies and accusations that he
considers unfounded the wescol of the
past with orrea would have started a
war Because in that video they offended The
ego of man in that video they offended
The ego of man because in the video they
threw things in my face in the video
they talked about my money they told me all the
things that offend the ego of man
when someone tells you no it's that you're not
going to achieve this you don't have to
explain to him that you're going to achieve it
so many lies about the Cyber ​​so many
things dog that I said conre to my ego
dude I'm going out and if I go out I'm going to
throw really really hard and I'm going to start a
bigger war but me Why do I want people to know that I'm right a lot of the things that were said there are totally false lies that supposedly they combed my hair I see a lot of people saying they combed it they combed it they combed it gonorrhea my ego is not damaged I passed the level I feel like I'm in a
Mario level beyond I swear
like gonor I'm about to save
the princess I mastered the technique that no matter how many
things they tell me I no longer have to
prove what I am saying that the
sa vetro is not wees but gonor
Hey I have a J Wagon I have a Porsche I have
a Mustang a Cyber ​​truck in the
USA why am I going to explain that that
Cybertruck is not mine gonorrhea I am
stupid my brother Reflects on
how his success has put him in the crosshairs of
criticism and attacks especially from
empowered women who seek to
discredit him yesterday I was a very
happy man yesterday I realized the power
that I have yesterday was the day where where I realized
that I am a pa paraa not even
the daughter of a [ __ ] because the fight and the
war that is happening and why so many
people are throwing me is because I am
a role model of a successful man and I am
a role model of a successful young man
and I have made comments and I have said
many things that aggrandize and make
men more powerful for a long time
then you think of a
successful young man and you think of wes as
empowerment is fashionable and
empowered women who as I have said that is
very cool someone comes out and throws a
successful man and a man who is great
because the whole [ __ ] world respects me
and they see that a woman is attacking that
man women are no longer They
are simply analyzing neither the video nor what it
says they know that they are feeling
empowered because when I see the dms
of my messages on instagram I have
women in capital letters telling me they
combed your hair haha ​​they feel
proud because they threw a
literal titan all the empowered women
happy happy why Because they know
that I am a role model of success
finally West call declares himself
above the controversy stating that he is not
will lower to respond to provocations on
social networks in that war I'm not going to
enter because I'm not interested in entering
that war dude it doesn't suit me at
all because it's a war against all the
empowered women who are
gaining strength because they think gonor that
Piqu did so badly with Shakira because
all the empowered women joined her and
they didn't give a [ __ ] Who was right they
empower themselves So I'm at that
level my brother I'm at a level
dude where they denounce me and all
the women come out to attack me because I've
had controversies of sexist So we
're no longer talking about whether she won or not we're
talking about all the women
who feel that I am sexist in a
power to attack me I took it
from that way and I said gonorrhea
what level dude what level gonorrhea
Really what level does one reach a point
where they say one thing about my example that I
don't have money and women feel
proud it damaged Ugh what level gonorrhea
really feel dared That's because
I am what a son of a [ __ ] bread with
real orrea or else they wouldn't give it importance
dude or else they wouldn't give it importance
Ah that the one that the Cyber ​​​​was from the
wife of of gonorrhea I could not fall
for that provocation bro that was the the the
the level beyond dude that I
needed to reach I swear people
no longer see me as a normal influencer
people already know that I went to
another level I started that I made a company
that is another thing for which
many people feel attacked and they are on the
defensive dude because a very
empowered man because I am an
empowered man to the chimba with r I
empower myself a lot brother true
empowerment is the one who does not give
importance to things gonorrhea Yes you
understand If you are throwing me it is because
of an importance Then that is the true empowerment dude people wanted me to start responding and upload stories for Ed not of the people who follow me, they follow me pure soccer player businessman artist pure Tycoon conor me to start fighting for
stories on instagram partner it shames me, it
shames me  gemita dedicates a few words
on instagram to her friend gonz vella
recognizing the support she has given her
during these complicated times
[Music]
Aida merlano
publicly denounces that West call followers
would have leaked her phone number
in addition to trying to apply for loans
with her
data Aida expresses How she will face
the harassment ensuring that she will not change her
number and that she will continue to block those who
try to contact her with the
intentions I am living in
hell My ex's followers
leaked my number a number that I
love they spoke to the people at
Claro that by the way their internet has
quite a few things that they should
modify and they gave them my number look
at me my number I love it I'm not going to
change it right now I hire a person I
give them my phone and I have them
block people I have no problem they have
tried to put me in jail my mother
was in jail They park motorcycles
in front of me they have put guns to my
back I mean to say, those things will not pass to me
the Federal Criminal Cassation Chamber
confirms Yao Cabrera's sentence
to 4 years in prison for
human trafficking and  explot the complaint has
requested his immediate arrest in addition
to this sentence Cabrera faces new
investigations for money laundering
involving several members of his
entourage and multiple pending cases
for minors facilitating drugs and
selling stup and well family these have
been today's notes if you don't want to miss
any detail subscribe to the Channel and
activate notifications bye
[Music]